[DOCS] Osquery features in 8.5 (#2561)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/use-osquery.asciidoc

[[use-osquery]]

> = Use Osquery

Reviewer: How about just "Osquery" for the section title, since this is a top-level landing page, not a procedure topic. Most of our other main section titles are just category names, not active verb statements.
```suggestion
= Osquery
```

Author: @jmikell821 I'm going to commit this for now, but lemme know if you think an alternative title should be used.

Osquery is an open source tool that lets you use SQL to query operating systems like a database. When you add the {kibana-ref}/manage-osquery-integration.html[Osquery manager integration] to an {agent} policy, Osquery is deployed to all agents assigned to that policy. After completing this setup, you can {kibana-ref}/osquery.html[run live queries and schedule recurring queries] for agents and begin gathering data from your entire environment.

> Osquery is supported across all systems (Linux, macOS, and Windows). You can use it with {elastic-sec} to perform real-time incident response, threat hunting, and regular monitoring to detect vulnerability or compliance issues. The following Osquery features are available from {elastic-sec}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Osquery is supported for Linux, macOS, and Windows. You can use it with {elastic-sec} to perform real-time incident response, threat hunting, and monitoring to detect vulnerability or compliance issues. The following Osquery features are available from {elastic-sec}:
```

* *Osquery Response Actions* - Use Osquery Response Actions to add live queries to custom query rules. <<osquery-response-action,Learn more>>.
* *Live queries from investigation guides* - Incorporate live queries into investigation guides to enhance your research capabilities while investigating possible security issues. <<invest-guide-run-osquery,Learn more.>>

> * *Live queries from alerts* - Run live queries against an alert's host to learn more about your infrastructure and operating systems. <<alerts-run-osquery,Learn more.>>

Author: Your suggestion is actually what I did before I decided to put the link at the end in "Learn more" 😅 I'll go back to that format - and thanks for sharing those guidelines.

> * *Osquery Response Actions* - Use Osquery Response Actions to add live queries to custom query rules. <<osquery-response-action,Learn more>>.
> * *Live queries from investigation guides* - Incorporate live queries into investigation guides to enhance your research capabilities while investigating possible security issues. <<invest-guide-run-osquery,Learn more.>>
> * *Live queries from alerts* - Run live queries against an alert's host to learn more about your infrastructure and operating systems. <<alerts-run-osquery,Learn more.>>

Author: ```suggestion
* *<<osquery-response-action,Osquery Response Actions>>* - Use Osquery Response Actions to add live queries to custom query rules. 
* *<<invest-guide-run-osquery,Live queries from investigation guides>>* - Incorporate live queries into investigation guides to enhance your research capabilities while investigating possible security issues. 
* *<<alerts-run-osquery,Live queries from alerts>>* - Run live queries against an alert's host to learn more about your infrastructure and operating systems. 
```
